Okay, So... a the Villains of Godzilla.
So...
but but what does that got to do with the Pink Godzilla?... Yeah.
You said there's two pink Godzilla came out, not one?
Really? Which Movie, which Pink?
Of a story of what? What was going on for that movie?
Orga?
Mechageras. Mechageras.
Okay.
Yeah.
So...
This is pink. Pink color.
Oh.
The spikes turns into pink when they do they when they a
stick to five.
Oh, really? Oh, I didn't know that.
That's...
That New Empire. That's when it turns pink.
But he, that's when he's like fully charged, right? Like a, like a battery.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But that's the, that's the  Oopa Loopa. Oopa Loopa monster.
Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, well...
But that's that's the last movie the Empire one? Okay new empire movie.
Yeah. Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no. That's the one before that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so pink. Oh the...
Godzilla turns into pink.
What's the title of the movie? Orga Godzilla?
That's the.. the latest movie? Oh, oh. Okay, okay.
Yeah, They're constantly making the new ones.
Yeah, everybody loves Godzilla.
Yeah.
So...
But there's always...
But the Gamera is such a minor character compared to Godzilla, so I don't know.
But...
Yeah.
So Gamera always have a the boy boy a the friend who's a boy.
Yeah, always a little little kid with...yeah, yeah, yeah.
So...
Yeah, yeah in Gamera? So maybe that would be the theme of like a
when Godzilla and Gamera come out and then the Gamera is trying to
Protect people, but the Godzilla but Godzilla doesn't eat people.
So I don't know how that's going to work.
Oh, yeah. So it's gonna be not gonna be Nassau, Shingojira anymore
that's the title it's like not not so not so single yet.
Shin-Shin. Shi-Shin Godzilla.
Yeah, yeah. Shingola.
It's a very... it's a silent movie.
Yeah.
For three days? What for the Shin Godzilla?
Isn't that how the movie ends at the end?
Yeah.
In the beginning in the beginning
Oh, in Shin Godzilla? Would he?
Oh, he's become not moving.
He was almost like getting his energy back.
Yeah, yeah.
But he wasn't frozen or anything. He was, he stopped moving.
Yeah, for for I don't know how many how how long how long was he stopped moving like that?
Three days?
Oh.
Yeah.
Because they don't wanna wake him up, I think, no?
But in Shin Godzilla that time it wasn't a defeat actually that's when the
the spit fire starts to do like the whole fire thing smoke and the fire and the beam.
That was before?
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah. Stop...
Into his body?
Oh.
So, so is there is there like a main person character in Shin Godzilla?
But there's no main person like a, there is a main person.
Coz Minus One, there was a main person. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.